Add Azure.Messaging.EventGrid.Namespaces library (#43209)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/eventgrid/Azure.Messaging.EventGrid.Namespaces/README.md

You can find the endpoint for your Event Grid topic either in the [Azure Portal](https://portal.azure.com/) or by using the [Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/cli/azure) snippet below.

```bash
az eventgrid topic show --name <your-resource-name> --resource-group <your-resource-group-name> --query "endpoint"
```

The access key can also be found through the [portal](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/event-grid/get-access-keys), or by using the Azure CLI snippet below:
```bash
az eventgrid topic key list --name <your-resource-name> --resource-group <your-resource-group-name> --query "key1"
```

#### Authenticate using Topic Access Key

Once you have your access key and topic endpoint, you can create the publisher client as follows:
```C# Snippet:CreateNamespaceClient
// Construct the client using an Endpoint for a namespace as well as the shared access key
var client = new EventGridClient(new Uri(namespaceTopicHost), new AzureKeyCredential(namespaceKey));
```

#### Authenticate using Azure Active Directory

> Azure Event Grid provides integration with Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) for identity-based authentication of requests. With Azure AD, you can use role-based access control (RBAC) to grant access to your Azure Event Grid resources to users, groups, or applications. The [Azure Identity library](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/tree/main/sdk/identity/Azure.Identity/README.md) provides easy Azure Active Directory support for authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Azure Event Grid provides integration with Entra ID for identity-based authentication of requests. With Entra ID, you can use role-based access control (RBAC) to grant access to your Azure Event Grid resources to users, groups, or applications. The [Azure Identity library](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/tree/main/sdk/identity/Azure.Identity/README.md) provides easy Azure Active Directory support for authentication.
```
